did you know that 'renato aragão didi suffered an air accident here in
big meadow
because this fact happened more than 50 years ago in the neighborhood of serrotão
last night in a special program from the globe from here to here one told how
everything happened this afternoon our reporting team went to the
accident and talked to relatives of other victims
September 5, 1958
a sad page in the history of one of the most joyful Brazilians
I know the plane
in December the need
when you got up on the town at night
on the scene from the city of Campina Grande to Paraíba
it was a rain she was covering me
there passed
the Commissioner 10% who can not fulfill
the plane came from rio de janeiro to ceará
one of the scales would be in large meadow
bad weather did not allow
the 40 passengers 13
of the program my dear bumbler displayed on the globe
renato aragão tells that the place of the accident was a forest perhaps the time
and anguish of that moment will be left confused memories this
business administrator is the son of the entrepreneur campinense and marvila limeira
who died in the tragedy he asks for votes from the shattered plane that show that
around there was only one corn roast paulo marcelo remembers every moment in the
father's death day we come to hear
the noise of the airplane
flying over large prairie trying to land on landing approach
ef
I remember that my mother made a comment about his arrival at home
but can not arrive
Soon afterwards it went to excessive noise in the people who live outside
but not him and had collided with
the museum also
it was crazy
52 years later what is at the scene of the accident is only exploratory
right after the tragedy
the place became known as the airplane chapel and to this day attracts people who
come to find and pay promises
in the account of Renato Aragon, many of the people who appeared shortly after the
imprisonment instead of helping loot the victims were
version confirmed by paulo marcelo
his father brought a bag of money that disappeared the father and eliane's uncle
lived near where the plane crashed they are no longer here to count more
that while they were alive they never stopped talking about that tragic night
and I talked to the carnival was a little mac and the talk on duty
with the merchant had exports of rosé wine and heard a good noise
strong with one of them ran to look
is that the plane has dropped the intention was to help people
innocent dead in the relationship between a specific activity and even talking
that September night in a large field entered the history of
Paraíba
but fate wanted it not to be that of a man who would bring
of what the 50 years of joy
some Brazilians
the blue cross in June a researcher